h2. Overview

This demonstrates a simple Queue mechanism you can use in App Engine applications. It is based on code taken from "Jaikuengine":code.google.com/p/jaikuengine/ and then modified for a more generic purpose. Creating tasks is as simple as:

<pre>task_create('test', '1', ['test argument 1'])</pre>

Where _test_ is the name of the mapping in api.py, _1_ is a unique identifier for the task and _['test argument 1']_ is a list of arguments to pass to the _test_ method.

Once you have a set of tasks in the queue you process them like so:

<pre>task_process()</pre>

h2. Example

The main.py and api.py files contains a reference implementation. If you run the application you can visit "localhost:8080/seed":http://localhost:8080/seed to create a series of tasks and then "localhost:8080":http://localhost:8080/ to process a task at a time. In a real application you could set up an external cron to ping an end point to process items from the queue.

h2. Todo

* Jaikuengine has a test suite, some of which can be reused here. But I need to write a few test of my own to be sure everything is working.
* The whole codebase is in need of good comments to explain what's going on.
* Some variables have meaningless one or two letter names. This is a left over from the Jaikuengine code and just needs a bit of refactoring.

h2. Licence

Copyright 2009 Gareth Rushgrove

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.